Feat/library sync (#5)
imgix/strapi-plugin-imgix: README.md

  <img style="width: 100%; height: auto;" src="public/assets/configuration.png" alt="Plugin configuration" />
</div>

> **How Asset URL Paths Get Re-Written**
> Once you've configured the plugin, the plugin will automatically rewrite the URLs of your assets to point to the imgix URL.
> For example, if you have an image at `https://mydomain.com/uploads/amsterdam.jpg`, the plugin will rewrite the URL to `https://sdk-test.imgix.net/amsterdam.jpg`. You must configure your imgix source to point into the **resources path** of your web folder, like `/uploads`.
> 

Reviewer: Missing a newline after the bolded phrase.

```suggestion
**How Asset URL Paths Get Re-Written**

Once you've configured the plugin it automatically rewrites the URLs of your assets to point to the imgix URL. For example, if you have an image at `https://mydomain.com/uploads/amsterdam.jpg`, the plugin will rewrite the URL to `https://sdk-test.imgix.net/amsterdam.jpg`. You must configure your imgix source to point into the **resources path** of your web folder, like `/uploads`.

```

  <img style="width: 100%; height: auto;" src="public/assets/configuration.png" alt="Plugin configuration" />
</div>

> > [!NOTE]
> > **URL overwrite logic**
> >
> > Source Type: `Webfolder`<br />
> > Media Library Source URL: `https://mydomain.com/uploads/`<br />
> > Webfolder Base URL / Subdomain: `https://sdk-test.imgix.net`<br />
> > Example: `https://mydomain.com/uploads/sample.jpg` →  `https://sdk-test.imgix.net/sample.jpg`<br /><br />
> > *You must configure your imgix source to point into the **root** of your web folder, not the path like `uploads`*
> >
> > <hr />
> >
> > Source Type: `Other`<br />
> > Media Library Source URL: `https://my-cdn-solution.com/`<br />
> > Source URL / Subdomain: `https://sdk-test.imgix.net`<br />
> > Example: `https://my-cdn-solution.com/sample.jpg` →  `https://sdk-test.imgix.net/sample.jpg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How Asset URL Paths Get Re-Written**

Once you've configured the plugin, the plugin will automatically rewrite the URLs of your assets to point to the imgix URL.

For example, if you have an image at `https://mydomain.com/uploads/amsterdam.jpg`, the plugin will rewrite the URL to `https://sdk-test.imgix.net/amsterdam.jpg`. You must configure your imgix source to point into the **root** of your web folder, not a path like `/uploads`.
```

Author: Changed and aligned to:

> You must configure your imgix source to point into the **resources path** of your web folder, like `/uploads`.
